quite a gathering isn't it
bleachers flags bunting it could be any
kind of a civic ceremony I guess a 4th
of July celebration a Founders Day or
maybe just a graduation but then these
fellows look like they've already
graduated
why of course they have graduated and
got their diplomas as some of America's
favorite entertainers Frank Sinatra Dean
Martin Sammy Davis jr. Peter Falk
they're here not for a fourth of July
ceremony or a graduation but for a
cornerstone laying that is one of the
grimly funniest scenes of their new
movie Robin in the seven hoods on the
mean one on stage 16 another group of
workers is arriving to start a day's
work on Robin in the seven hoods yes we
said workers you may think it looks more
like the beginning of a party but just
wait there is no one in any show or
movie that expends more energy skill and
artistry under more exacting discipline
than the dancers these girls have
already worked grueling hours of
rehearsal and will work more now under
dance director Jack Baker meanwhile back
at the cornerstone Frank Dean and the
boys are walking through the scene
they're about to shoot director Gordon
Douglas sets the movements and walks out
the action so that everyone on the set
from cameraman to extras knows exactly
what is going to be required this
entrance exchange of dialogue and exit
must look casual extemporaneous and
natural as light on the screen but
making it look easy
is hard in addition to stars actors and
technicians the director has a performer
on this set that takes rather special
treatment the 20 ton crane that raises
and lowers the cornerstone on cue on
save 16 the dancers are polishing up the
fine points of the number that will be
shot today if the shooting on the back
lot goes according to schedule the boys
go off to try it once more the crane
lifts cornerstone again
the director shouts and hopes and shouts
some more there's been another delay
someone missed a cue someone forgot a
line a light went out a reflector fell
for any of 10,000 reasons they have to
do it again
of course it's anyone who's waited for a
lady can tell you makeup is the world's
greatest female time killer so though
waiting isn't too much to stand you can
always trade eyebrow pencils or try one
of the other girls lip liners and that's
the way it seems to go for hours rarest
and shoot wait some are shoot some more
wait some more once again wait
quiet on the set
what's this it has all the signs of our
final take we're rolling action robber
listen come here
I swear the books on Big Jim but I don't
hear nobody saying thanks thanks that's
all you got to say huh all right I'm
gonna give it to you straight
Robbo listen to me you're right on line
now get back in line
otherwise I'm gonna have to have your
head you have to have me hit you have to
have me hit that's it credit everyone's
happy
the stage is alerted that the company is
moving in immediately the atmosphere
changes actors dancers and atmosphere
players are in their places as camera
angles are chosen and lights set our
dancing girls are on their starting
marks limbering up like a team of
Olympic acrobats it may not look so
glamorous but every dancer has suffered
enough strain and even a short career to
have learned the value of a warm up Dean
Martin arrives in his wardrobe change
and is greeted by friends in center
screen there you see one of the
principles we'll be playing in the
upcoming scene naturally he's on edge
how often does a guy get to sing with
stars like Sinatra and Martin and for
the girls even though they're close
enough to the real thing for a new and
exciting stimulation to be added it's
still rehearse and rehearse this is one
of the important musical numbers of the
many in Robin of the seven hoods
it's called Charlotte could and
Charleston assistant directors are busy
placing actors and extras cameramen and
electricians are double-checking every
corner of their picture the director
goes over the scene with Frank Sinatra
undoubtedly reminding him of action and
high points they have already discussed
and speaking of the real thing our
little dancer gets a few very valuable
pointers and a word of encouragement
from that singer who's going to be
harmonizing with Messrs Sinatra and
Martin the one the only mr. Bing Crosby
Bing is a fellow who knows the value of
a prompt response to the call of duty
and so hurries our girl off to the set
as a
whistle blows it's more rehearsal but
this time closer to the take because
Frank Sinatra is in the walkthrough
Frank the Robin of Robin of the seven
hoods placed the Chicago swinger who's
behind all the fun and games of course
you realize he takes from the rich only
to give to the poor they say that the
biggest fans of all are the performers
themselves our dancers are no exception
they're obviously delighted to be able
to renew acquaintance with two such
stars as Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin
but now the director is calling for a
tape this time it looks as although work
and waiting are going to pay off the
girls are in their places camera and
sound are ready and here's just a little
bit of what all the fuss is about in
Robin in the seven hoods
you